################################
Jaden Liu
Asgn6: Sorting
11/30/2020
################################

################################
Run this program with 
arguments listed below:

– ./hatterspeak -s will suppress
the letter from the censor, and
instead print the statistics that
were computed as illustrated below
* Seeks: number of seeks performed
* Average seek length: 
links searched / total seeks
* Average Linked List Length: 
average length of non-zero linked 
lists in hash table
* Hash table load:
percentage of loading 
for the hash table
* Bloom filter load: 
percentage of loading 
for the bloom table

– ./hatterspeak -h size specifies 
that the hash table will 
have size entries 
(the default will be 10000).

– ./hatterspeak -f size specifies 
that the Bloom filter will have 
size entries (the default will be 220).

– ./hatterspeak -m will use the 
move-to-front rule.

– ./hatterspeak -b will not use the 
move-to-front rule.

-------------------------------

Use Makefile to compile

make/make all:
compile the sorting.c,
bubble.c, bubble.h, 
shell.c, shell.h,
quick.c, quick.h,
binary.c, binary.h,
together

make bubble.o:
compile the bubble.c
and bubble.h together

make shell.o
compile the shell.c
and shell.h together

make quick.o
compile the quick.c
and quick.h together

make binary.o
compile the binary.c
and binary.h together

make clean:
remove all files generated by 
compiling the program

make infer:
run infer in program

make valgrind:
build the program to check for 
the memory misarrangement errors

------------------------------
infer error:
Found 2 issues

hatterspeak.c:56: error: MEMORY_LEAK
  memory dynamically allocated by call to `bf_create()` at line 56, column 21 is not reachable after line 56, column 3.
  54.
  55.
  56. >   BloomFilter bf = *bf_create(bf_size);
  57.     HashTable ht = *ht_create(ht_size);
  58.     FILE *in1 = fopen("oldspeak.txt", "r");

hatterspeak.c:57: error: MEMORY_LEAK
  memory dynamically allocated by call to `ht_create()` at line 57, column 19 is not reachable after line 57, column 3.
  55.
  56.     BloomFilter bf = *bf_create(bf_size);
  57. >   HashTable ht = *ht_create(ht_size);
  58.     FILE *in1 = fopen("oldspeak.txt", "r");
  59.     FILE *in2 = fopen("hatterspeak.txt", "r");

can't fix this.

valgrind error:
make[1]: Leaving directory '/afs/cats.ucsc.edu/users/v/zliu259/zliu259/asgn6'
valgrind: mmap(0x605000, 1500033024) failed in UME with error 22 (Invalid argument).
valgrind: this can be caused by executables with very large text, data or bss segments.
make: *** [Makefile:33: valgrind] Error 1

don't know what happen
################################
